---
sort : 1
---
# 2018

---
[主]*谓*[宾]，(定)<状>

## Text 1

### P1

1. [Among the annoying challenges facing the middle class] *is* [one] (**that** *will probably go unmentioned* < in the next presidential campaign: ~~What happens when the robots come for their jobs?~~>).

    在一堆无法避免的挑战里，有个可能没有被提起来过的问题需要中产阶级去面对：机器人来到他们的工作领域以后该咋办？

    ```
    annoy
    presidential campaign: 总统竞选
    ```

    >主系表结构，
    >主语
    >表语是个定语从句

### P2

1. Don't dismiss that possibility entirely. 

    不要完全抛弃这个可能性。不要觉得这事不可能发生。
    >祈使句


2. [About half of U.S. jobs] *are* at high risk (of being automated), ~~according to a University of Oxford study~~, < with the middle class disproportionately squeezed>. 

    某个研究指出，美国一半的工作都有风险（被自动化代替），尤其是中产阶级。

    ```
    disproportionately 不成比例 
    squeezed 压榨
    ```

3. [Lower-income jobs] (like gardening or day care) *don't appeal to* robots. 

    低收入工作不吸引机器人。

    >这个like是介词，介词短语。


4. **But** [many middle-class occupations] —— ~~trucking, financial advice, software engineering~~ —— *have aroused* [their interest], or soon will. 

    引起了兴趣，或者很快就引起了。

5. The rich own the robots, **so** they will be fine.

### P3

1. This isn't to be alarmist. 

    ```
    alarm警报
    ```
    MV: [false alarm](https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1YW411s74E)，地球onlin，这个几分钟的故事挺好玩的。



2. [Optimists] *point out* **that** [technological upheaval] *has benefited* workers < in the past>. 

    主谓宾，宾语从句，

    过去的经验表明工人受益于的技术进步。
    ```
    Optimists 乐观主义者
    optimal
    upheaval 变革、动荡
    ```


3. [The Industrial Revolution] *didn't go* so well for Luddites (whose jobs were displaced by mechanized looms), **but** [it] eventually *raised* living standards **and** *created* more jobs than it destroyed. 

    工业革命对于Luddites来说不是好事，他们的工作被机器抢走了。但是工业革命提升了生活水平并且创造了更多工作。

    >英文名Luddite.卢德派是19世纪英国工业革命时期，因为机器代替了人力而失业的技术工人。现在引申为持有反机械化以及反自动化观点的人。


4. Likewise, [automation] *should eventually boost* [productivity], [stimulate] demand by driving down prices, **and** [free] workers from hard, boring work. 

    **同理**，自动化**最终**促进生产力的发展，刺激需求通过产品价格下降的方式，并且使得工人重复繁重劳动中解放。


5. **But** < in the medium term>, [middle-class workers] **may need** [a lot of help adjusting].


### P4

1. [The first step], ~~as [Erik Brynjolfsson and Andrew McAfee] *argue* < in The Second Machine Age>~~, *should be* rethinking education and job training. 



2. [Curriculums] ~~——from grammar school to college——~~ *should evolve* to focus less on memorizing facts **and** more on creativity and complex communication. 

3. [Vocational schools] *should do* [a better job] (of fostering problem-solving skills **and** helping students work alongside robots). 

4. Online education *can supplement* the traditional kind. 

5. It could make extra training and instruction affordable.

6. Professionals trying to acquire new skills will be able to do so without going into debt.

### P5
1. The challenge of coping with automation underlines the need for the U.S. to revive its fading business dynamism: Starting new companies must be made easier. 

2. In previous eras of drastic technological change, entrepreneurs smoothed the transition by dreaming up ways to combine labor and machines.

3. The best uses of 3D printers and virtual reality haven't been invented yet.

4. The U.S. needs the new companies that will invent them.

### P6
1. Finally, because automation threatens to widen the gap between capital income and labor income, taxes and the safety net will have to be rethought. 

2. Taxes on low-wage labor need to be cut, and wage subsidies such as the earned income tax credit should be expanded: This would boost incomes, encourage work, reward companies for job creation, and reduce inequality.

### P7
1. Technology will improve society in ways big and small over the next few years, yet this will be little comfort to those who find their lives and careers upended by automation. 

2. Destroying the machines that are coming for our jobs would be nuts. 

3. But policies to help workers adapt will be indispensable.

### Q
21. Who will be most threatened by automation?（D）
- [A] Leading politicians.
- [B] Low-wage laborers.
- [C] Robot owners.
- [D] Middle-class workers.
>自动化会影响谁？低收入劳动者还是中产阶级工人？

>>中产阶级这个词个人不是很喜欢，这是个资本主义社会语境下的词。这是按照收入划分的，不是一个真正的阶级。这部分打工人实际上也是出卖自身价值的无产阶级，也是给资本家打工的人。也是工人阶级。

22. Which of the following best represents the author’s view?
- [A] Worries about automation are in fact groundless.
- [B] Optimists’ opinions on new tech find little support.
- [C] Issues arising from automation need to be tackled.
- [D] Negative consequences of new tech can be avoided.

23. Education in the age of automation should put more emphasis on
- [A] creative potential.
- [B] job-hunting skills.
- [C] individual needs.
- [D] cooperative spirit.

24. The author suggests that tax policies be aimed at
- [A] encouraging the development of automation.
- [B] increasing the return on capital investment.
- [C] easing the hostility between rich and poor.
- [D] preventing the income gap from widening.

25. In this text, the author presents a problem with
- [A] opposing views on it.
- [B] possible solutions to it.
- [C] its alarming impacts.
- [D] its major variations.


----
## Text 2

①A new survey by Harvard University finds more than two-thirds of young Americans disapprove of President Trump’s use of Twitter. ②The implication is that Millennials prefer news from the White House to be filtered through other sources, not a president’s social media platform.
①Most Americans rely on social media to check daily headlines. ②Yet as distrust has risen toward all media, people may be starting to beef up their media literacy skills. ③Such a trend is badly needed. ④During the 2016 presidential campaign, nearly a quarter of web content shared by Twitter users in the politically critical state of Michigan was fake news, according to the University of Oxford. ⑤And a survey conducted for BuzzFeed News found 44 percent of Facebook users rarely or never trust news from the media giant.
①Young people who are digital natives are indeed becoming more skillful at separating fact from fiction in cyberspace. ②A Knight Foundation focus-group survey of young people between ages 14 and 24 found they use “distributed trust” to verify stories. ③They cross-check sources and prefer news from different perspectives—especially those that are open about any bias. ④“Many young people assume a great deal of personal responsibility for educating themselves and actively seeking out opposing viewpoints,” the survey concluded.
①Such active research can have another effect. ②A 2014 survey conducted in Australia, Britain, and the United States by the University of Wisconsin-Madison found that young people’s reliance on social media led to greater political engagement.
①Social media allows users to experience news events more intimately and immediately while also permitting them to re-share news as a projection of their values and interests. ②This forces users to be more conscious of their role in passing along information. ③A survey by Barna research group found the top reason given by Americans for the fake news phenomenon is “reader error,” more so than made-up stories or factual mistakes in reporting. ④About a third say the problem of fake news lies in “misinterpretation or exaggeration of actual news” via social media. ⑤In other words, the choice to share news on social media may be the heart of the issue. ⑥“This indicates there is a real personal responsibility in counteracting this problem,” says Roxanne Stone, editor in chief at Barna Group.
①So when young people are critical of an over-tweeting president, they reveal a mental discipline in thinking skills—and in their choices on when to share on social media.
26. According to Paragraphs 1 and 2, many young Americans cast doubt on
[A] the justification of the news-filtering practice.
[B] people's preference for social media platforms.
[C] the administration's ability to handle information.
[D] social media as a reliable source of news.
27. The phrase "beef up” (Para. 2) is closest in meaning to
[A] boast.
[B] define.
[C] sharpen.
[D] share.
28. According to the Knight Foundation survey, young people
　  [A] tend to voice their opinions in cyberspace.
　[B] verify news by referring to diverse sources.
　[C] have a strong sense of social responsibility.
　  [D] like to exchange views on "distributed trust".
29. The Barna survey found that a main cause for the fake news problem is
[A] readers' misinterpretation.
[B] journalists' biased reporting.
[C] readers' outdated values.
[D] journalists' made-up stories.
30. Which of the following would be the best title for the text?
[A] A Counteraction Against the Over-tweeting Trend
[B] A Rise in Critical Skills for Sharing News Online
[C] The Accumulation of Mutual Trust on Social Media
[D] The Platforms for Projection of Personal Interests

----
----
## Text 3
①Any fair-minded assessment of the dangers of the deal between Britain's National Health Service (NHS) and DeepMind must start by acknowledging that both sides mean well. ②DeepMind is one of the leading artificial intelligence (AI) companies in the world. ③The potential of this work applied to healthcare is very great, but it could also lead to further concentration of power in the tech giants. ④It is against that background that the information commissioner, Elizabeth Denham, has issued her damning verdict against the Royal Free hospital trust under the NHS, which handed over to DeepMind the records of 1.6 million patients in 2015 on the basis of a vague agreement which took far too little account of the patients' rights and their expectations of privacy.
①DeepMind has almost apologised. ②The NHS trust has mended its ways. ③Further arrangements—and there may be many—between the NHS and DeepMind will be carefully scrutinised to ensure that all necessary permissions have been asked of patients and all unnecessary data has been cleaned. ④There are lessons about informed patient consent to learn. ⑤But privacy is not the only angle in this case and not even the most important. ⑥Ms Denham chose to concentrate the blame on the NHS trust, since under existing law it “controlled” the data and DeepMind merely “processed” it. ⑦But this distinction misses the point that it is processing and aggregation, not the mere possession of bits, that gives the data value.
①The great question is who should benefit from the analysis of all the data that our lives now generate. ②Privacy law builds on the concept of damage to an individual from identifiable knowledge about them. ③That misses the way the surveillance economy works. ④The data of an individual there gains its value only when it is compared with the data of countless millions more.
①The use of privacy law to curb the tech giants in this instance feels slightly maladapted. ②This practice does not address the real worry. ③It is not enough to say that the algorithms DeepMind develops will benefit patients and save lives. ④What matters is that they will belong to a private monopoly which developed them using public resources. ⑤If software promises to save lives on the scale that drugs now can, big data may be expected to behave as big pharma has done. ⑥We are still at the beginning of this revolution and small choices now may turn out to have gigantic consequences later. ⑦A long struggle will be needed to avoid a future of digital feudalism. ⑧Ms Denham’s report is a welcome start.
31. What is true of the agreement between the NHS and DeepMind?
[A] It fell short of the latter's expectations.
[B] It caused conflicts among tech giants.
[C] It failed to pay due attention to patients' rights.
[D] It put both sides into a dangerous situation.
32. The NHS trust responded to Denham's verdict with
[A] empty promises.
[B] tough resistance.
[C] sincere apologies.
[D] necessary adjustments.
33. The author argues in Paragraph 2 that
[A] privacy protection must be secured at all costs.
[B] the value of data comes from the processing of it.
[C] making profits from patients' data is illegal.
[D] leaking patients' data is worse than selling it.
34. According to the last paragraph, the real worry arising from this deal is
[A] the monopoly of big data by tech giants.
[B] the vicious rivalry among big pharmas.
[C] the uncontrolled use of new software.
[D] the ineffective enforcement of privacy law.
35. The author's attitude toward the application of AI to healthcare is
[A] ambiguous.
[B] appreciative.
[C] cautious.
[D] contemptuous.


----
----
## Text 4

①The U.S. Postal Service (USPS) continues to bleed red ink. ②It reported a net loss of $5.6 billion for fiscal 2016, the 10th straight year its expenses have exceeded revenue. ③Meanwhile, it has more than $120 billion in unfunded liabilities, mostly for employee health and retirement costs. ④There are many reasons this formerly stable federal institution finds itself on the verge of bankruptcy. ⑤Fundamentally, the USPS is in a historic squeeze between technological change that has permanently decreased demand for its bread-and-butter product, first-class mail, and a regulatory structure that denies management the flexibility to adjust its operations to the new reality.
①And interest groups ranging from postal unions to greeting-card makers exert self-interested pressure on the USPS’s ultimate overseer—Congress—insisting that whatever else happens to the Postal Service, aspects of the status quo they depend on get protected. ②This is why repeated attempts at reform legislation have failed in recent years, leaving the Postal Service unable to pay its bills except by deferring vital modernization.
①Now comes word that everyone involved—Democrats, Republicans, the Postal Service, the unions and the system's heaviest users—has finally agreed on a plan to fix the system. ②Legislation is moving through the House that would save USPS an estimated $28.6 billion over five years, which could help pay for new vehicles, among other survival measures. ③Most of the money would come from a penny-per-letter permanent rate increase and from shifting postal retirees into Medicare. ④The latter step would largely offset the financial burden of annually pre-funding retiree health care, thus addressing a long-standing complaint by the USPS and its unions.
①If it clears the House, this measure would still have to get through the Senate—where someone is bound to point out that it amounts to the bare, bare minimum necessary to keep the Postal Service afloat, not comprehensive reform. ②There’s no change to collective bargaining at the USPS, a major omission considering that personnel accounts for 80 percent of the agency’s costs. ③Also missing is any discussion of eliminating Saturday letter delivery. ④That common-sense change enjoys wide public support and would save the USPS $2 billion per year. ⑤But postal special-interest groups seem to have killed it, at least in the House. ⑥The emerging consensus around the bill is a sign that legislators are getting frightened about a politically embarrassing short-term collapse at the USPS. ⑦It is not, however, a sign that they’re getting serious about transforming the postal system for the 21st century.
36. The financial problem with the USPS is caused partly by
[A] its unbalanced budget.
[B] its rigid management.
[C] the cost for technical upgrading.
[D] the withdrawal of bank support.
37. According to Paragraph 2, the USPS fails to modernize itself due to
[A] the interference from interest groups.
[B] the inadequate funding from Congress.
[C] the shrinking demand for postal service.
[D] the incompetence of postal unions.
38. The long-standing complaint by the USPS and its unions can be addressed by
[A] removing its burden of retiree health care.
[B] making more investment in new vehicles.
[C] adopting a new rate-increase mechanism.
[D] attracting more first-class mail users.
39. In the last paragraph, the author seems to view legislators with
[A] respect.
[B] tolerance.
[C] discontent.
[D] gratitude.
40. Which of the following would be the best title for the text?
[A] The USPS Starts to Miss Its Good Old Days
[B] The Postal Service: Keep Away from My Cheese
[C] The USPS: Chronic Illness Requires a Quick Cure
[D] The Postal Service Needs More than a Band-Aid














